[15.0][MIG] website_sale_attribute_filter_order > website_sale_product_attribute_filter_order: Migration to version 15.0 (#735)
OCA/e-commerce: website_sale_product_attribute_filter_order/README.rst

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fe--commerce-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/e-commerce/tree/15.0/website_sale_product_attribute_filter_order
    :alt: OCA/e-commerce
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/e-commerce-15-0/e-commerce-15-0-website_sale_product_attribute_filter_order
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/webui/builds.html?repo=OCA/e-commerce&target_branch=15.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

Move active checkbox options to the first place of the list

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

> #. Go to website (frontend)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to the eCommerce (/shop)
```

#. Drop down the 'Customize' menu

> #. Enable 'Product Attribute's Filters Marked First' option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Enable the 'Product Attribute's Filters Marked First' option
```

Usage
=====

> #. Go to shop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to the eCommerce
```

> #. Active one or more attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Set one or more attributes on
```

> #. You can see that all enabled attributes are moved to the first position of the list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. You can see that all enabled attribute values are bubbled up to the first position in the list.
```
